hey guys what's going on it's Mike 8:35
again bringing up this g-shock reviewed
unboxing what's going on YouTube
I just wanted to show you this latest
pick up I just got in from the Land of
the Rising Sun yesterday and uh as you
see here with the Japan box
JDM how you guys call it let's pop a lid
because we're not in the US we have the
we have the Japan version of course if
you see here is this is the Japan module
I mean I'm sorry I do Pam manual and of
course this numbers here is the 51:46
module straight from Japan let's see
what we have here the little flipper ooh
and this is Japan box this is what most
tree shocks come from Japan how the
presentation and box looks like you were
just used to the normal cardboard black
box and the tin can for USG shocks but
uh this being a japan model this comes
in the black Japan box and uh wait why
flip the top so you see what I have
today for you guys I'm gonna show you
something that it's not gonna come out
in the United States it's only gonna be
I believe in Europe and Japan so those
are the two major markets where this
piece will be releasing but like I said
it won't be coming to the United States
so yeah let's pop a top let's see what
we have here of course the JDM box and
there it is with the compliment
pillow box from Japan we have the matte
metallic series the GA 110 SG - for AJ F
15,000 yen with taxes 15,000 750 of
course this is the tag on this Japanese
release g-shock you know such a
beautiful watch I just got it in
yesterday and uh yeah this one is just
stunner
you uh opened the box it definitely has
a big WOW factor so let me zoom in here
so you guys can see more the fine detail
that this watch has to offer this is a
matte finish as you're seeing here but
it isn't you know it isn't highly glossy
but it's the new uh like the tag says is
the new matte metallic series as you see
here as you see it has you know a bit of
sparkle built in in the resin as you're
seeing here that was a text message if
you wonder was that bicycle sound so
yeah kind of crazy right now
you know it's early in the morning so I
hope most people are texting but there's
that's how it works let me get back to
the piece this is the new matte metallic
ga 110 so I wanted it to show it to all
my people on YouTube let me uh as you
see here it's like silverish with the
silverish metallic inside it's a really
beautiful watch I would recommend it to
anybody who's into like GA 110 this is
what you know a few collectors have
named this piece the unofficial name of
this piece the creamsicle because it
really does look like a creamsicle you
know ice cream pop if you go on YouTube
put creamsicle you'll see what I'm
talking about you have the the light
tangerines short of orange with the
white inside so yeah the white is the
ice cream guys yep that is the detail on
the band as you're seeing here
the keeper is Matt orange that's the
buckle that is the backplate the GA 110s
G with the 51-46 module and of course
the buckle says Casio China and it's
been cased in a you know Japan Japan
movement it's been cased in China but
its movement is Japan GA 110 SG matte
metallic such a pretty watch really
fancy I love the way it looks in the the
sparkle is amazing I hope my camera is
picking up the detail which I'm seeing
with my eyes right now and hopefully if
I see that means that everybody on
YouTube could see it so that's what uh I
wanted to achieve in my video just for
you guys to see that the high-definition
detail that you know this watch has to
offer it's really nice you know yeah
that's your she here matte metallic you
have the LED on the bottom you take off
the light so you guys have a better
perspective yeah there it is sick-ass
like wicked just you know such a wicked
color it's one of the newest ones that
are casually released I'm very lucky to
have this in my hands right now as uh
like I said earlier my video I don't
believe that this is coming over to the
United States so for me to grab one of
its kind of elite I feel pretty happy to
have it in my hands right now it's
really nice you know I love having G
sharks earlier you know buying them
earlier before even even hit you know I
need us or market or Europe or whatever
just like to have it in my hand just
right about now this is uh the GA 110s G
matte metallic as you see here such a
nice watch
yet again thank you guys for watching my
video I just wanted to give you a quick
glimpse on this new of GA 110 SG big
shout out to everybody in that little
thing of ours big shout out to Chavo mr.
Washington meanest Spindler spectacular
Michael Myers people in the UK mic use
wizardry shock wizard Jay Soriano crispy
Danny hands some tea sip will lick there
who else we have a lick that we have a g
ee Collado cheetah's brother you know
how i do what's up little bud man
anyways everybody who's a really
interesting him watching my videos that
thank you guys for watching big shout
out to add / Casio big shout out to
Corey puff Phyllis Fraser everybody out
there putting in that work for the
g-shock I love you guys and I can't just
stress enough how much I love g-shock
comes in within the heart so yeah thank
you guys for watching my video it's been
Mike 8:35 I I really hope you did enjoy
my video thanks for watching please
remain please remember to rate comment
and subscribe it really helps me out I
might you know getting onto the next
video thanks again and have a good day
bye bye